Jv rox 25727 show external entity ip information in the network graph (#84248)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/enabling-external-ip-collection-secured-clusters.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * operating/visualizing-external-entities.adoc
:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="enabling-external-ip-collection-secured-clusters_{context}"]
= Enabling external IP collection in secured clusters

[role="_abstract"]
To enable external IP collection in secured clusters, you must individually configure each secured cluster's runtime configuration.

You can have some clusters with the functionality enabled while others remain disabled. In this case, external IP information is only available for the clusters where you have enabled the feature.

> You can use a ConfigMap to enable the external IP collection in secured clusters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use a config map to enable the external IP collection in secured clusters.
```
OR
```suggestion
You can use a `ConfigMap` object to enable the external IP collection in secured clusters.
```

.Procedure

> * Create a ConfigMap called `collector-config` with the following content:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Create a config map called `collector-config` with the following content:
```
OR
```suggestion
* Create a `ConfigMap` object called `collector-config` with the following content:
```

+
[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: v1
kind: ConfigMap
metadata:
  name: collector-config
  namespace: stackrox
data:
  runtime_config.yaml: | <1>
    networking:
      externalIps:
        enable: true
----
<1> {product-title-short} mounts this file at `/etc/stackrox/runtime_config.yaml`.

> Whenever you create or update the ConfigMap, the collector refreshes the runtime configuration. When you delete the ConfigMap, the settings reverts to the default runtime configuration values.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Whenever you create or update the config map, the collector refreshes the runtime configuration. When you delete the config map, the settings revert to the default runtime configuration values.
```
OR
```suggestion
Whenever you create or update the `ConfigMap` object, the collector refreshes the runtime configuration. When you delete the `ConfigMap` object, the settings revert to the default runtime configuration values.
```
